update metadata references for lowercase sku change (#420)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/setup/seo/metadata.mdx

Adobe recommends uploading product metadata into Edge Delivery Services so that it can be rendered server-side on product detail pages. This is important so that Google Merchant Center can reliably verify entries from your product sheet. Also, social media sites, which don't usually parse JavaScript, can leverage this metadata to display rich previews of your product page links.

<Aside type="caution" title="Breaking Change">

> The boilerplate will enforce lowercase SKUs for all product URL links out of the box. This is due to a requirement in Edge Delivery Services which does not support uppercase paths.

Reviewer: We should phrase this differently. Mixed case URLs are discouraged and not supported to ensure consistency and unique canonical URLs.

> The boilerplate will enforce lowercase SKUs for all product URL links out of the box. This is due to a requirement in Edge Delivery Services which does not support uppercase paths.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For consistency and canonicalization, mixed-case URLs are not supported. The boilerplate automatically lowercases SKUs in product URLs to comply with Edge Delivery Services, which requires lowercase paths.
```
